romanus/Coursera Financial Aid answers.txt 

Old:

I live only for my scholarship (925 uah or about $37 per month). It's really impossible for me to pay for this course. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I want to take this course as I want to complete the Full Stack Web Development Specialization on Coursera.

I want to complete the Full Stack Web Development Specialization on offer by The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. This Specialization will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Web Development and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.

I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

New:
I’m a student from Ukraine and want to learn Marketing. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship (925 uah or about $37 per month).  In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.  So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.
I want to take this course as I want to learn Marketing in English.

I want to complete the Marketing: Customer Needs and Wants Course on offer by IESE Business School. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Marketing and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

